---
id: 4q8s3n9o-0r5p-4u4q-3s7r-1t9o0p8q2s3n
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Initial Meeting'
present: |-
  Marquesa DeMaria

  Tim VanAukin

  PJ Lausch

  Chris Holloway

  Justin Juzwick

  Shawn Martin

  Danny Dugan
date_of_meeting: '2023-06-27'
date_of_next_meeting: '2023-07-11'
financial_report: |-
  - Spaghetti feed income was $440 less $150 (ingredients)
  - Various financial tracking forms to be created
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1656369600
---
## Meeting Details
**Location:** Eagles Aerie  
**Time:** 6:25pm

## Opening discussion
• Discussed who are board members and who is considered a member
• Having a bag tag means you are a member of the club
• What does being a member grant someone
• discount to weekly dubs for members
• Need forms for weekly doubles to track attendance and money
• Discussed the format of financials to share with the public

## Proposals:
Tim made a motion to add the following board members:
• Medina
• Chris Holloway
• PJ
• Max
• Danny

• Voted on 5 new members, All were in favor

Marquesa motioned to open a verity credit union bank account with Shawn Martin and Justin Juzwick as signers. All were in favor.

## Discussions:
Discussed the need to create a list of items that don't need board decisions

Discussed the procedure for making changes to the course
• When do we need approval?
  ◦ When a key is involved?
  ◦ Moving a collar? This should be acceptable without approval.

Discussed teepads as a top priority for club funds.
• Discussion on type of teepads
  ◦ Broomed concrete, needs city approval

Decided to create a list of who has Box keys
• Shawn martin
• Marquesa
• Jay bones
• Chris Holloway
• Tim
• Chris R
• Danny
• Adam
• Elmer

Should all board members have a key? Discussed the need for paperwork for the key holders.

Discussed a new form for disc sales

Discussed whether an asset list or disc inventory was needed

Spaghetti feed income was $440 less $150 (ingredients)

Justin will write forms for disc sales and dubs and share with Shawn

Max is setting up website, google is doing 10000 in advertising, website and storage space. (Need 501c3)
