---
id: 3p7r2m8n-9q4o-4t3p-2r6q-0s8n9o7p1r2m
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Tee Pad Repairs'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  PJ Laush

  Shawn Martin

  Chris Rozum

  Danny Dugan

  Marquesa Newman

  Justin Juzwick

  Elmer Sakuma
date_of_meeting: '2023-07-11'
date_of_next_meeting: '2023-08-23'
financial_report: |-
  - Cash: $287
  - Verity Bank: $807
  - Old Bank: $489
  - Paypal: $587
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1657584000
---
## Tee pad decision
### Discussion on pavers
Tim motions to have Evan replace hole #2 with pavers. PJ seconds. Unanimous approval.

Evan will coordinate with the TeePad PM's to complete plan.

Discussed plan for pouring 5 and 16

Need water

We can use a coupler to access water. Need to procure.

PM's will decide on a date for the work.

## Prepare for meetings involving Club Members.
Discussed ways to involve the members in the club activities.

Members priority is to know what is going on with finances

Shawn will provide Justin with transaction details for all accounts through July 31st with ending balances. Justin will prepare financials to be available for meetings/members

Discussion on benefits to club members

Discount on dubs. Decided against.

New tee pads will be a big benefit

Early registration/discounts to club events.

doubles money and how much goes to club.
