---
id: 7j1l6g2h-3k8i-4n7j-6l0k-4m2h3i1j5l6g
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Bag Tag Finale'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Marquesa Newman

  PJ Lausch

  Justin Juzwick

  Dave Ida
date_of_meeting: '2023-11-29'
date_of_next_meeting: '2023-12-27'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $553.39
  - PayPal Balance: $847.48
  - Cash Balance: $206.00
  - **Total: $1,606.87**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1669680000
---
## Opening Discussion
We discussed the idea of working on changing the organization of the Board of Directors in the future (6 months to a year from now)

There would be several "Committee Heads" who lead a committee of individuals who focus on specific aspects of club duties apart from the other members.

For example: Course Upkeep & Improvement Committee, Community Outreach Committee, Events Committee, & Administrative & Finance Committee

The 3 to 5 "Committee Heads" would then meet on a quarterly basis (or monthly etc) to update each other on their progress and objectives.

This would create a smaller, less stressful and more productive Board Meeting experience that can accomplish more separately, then come together periodically to make sure their vision and goals are aligned.

Most of the group was receptive to this idea, though most were wanting to put this thought aside until a later time. Dave voiced the importance of us continuing to meet at least once a month until we have things ironed out better.

Marquesa pointed out that our current bylaws say that we are to have an election before the end of the year, and she is wanting to take a less demanding role on the board so that she can accomplish more on the sidelines. She also pointed out how much time and energy it will require in order to successfully run an election since we have never had one before. We didn't put it to a vote, but it seemed otherwise unanimous that we're not ready for an election.

## Bag Tag Finale
### Set for Saturday, December 16th @ 10am (Check in cut-off @9:30)

## Layout
1st Round: Normal 18 hole layout ~ lunch break ~ 2nd Round: SHORT (ace pot layout) round layout

PJ and Timmy will handle the layout changeover @ lunch

PJ wants to do a test run of the layout sometime after Monday dubs

Voted to charge $25 for non-tag holders to purchase a tag in order to participate in Tag Finale

## Raffle
### - Tickets = $1 each (may create quantity discounts, ex: 20 for $15)

Dave Askov will be in charge of Raffle items (Everyone is encouraged to help gather items, but all items must go through Dave for approval and placement.

No limit to # of items

There will be individual drawings for items

Everyone is responsible for being there for the drawing if they don't let us assign them a player # and write on each raffle ticket that is entered.

## Other Items
Dave will make a flier on Thursday/Friday and post to social media,

Marquesa will post on the club website, print posters, and create a mailchimp campaign,

Marquesa will handle signups

Kris and Marquesa will handle raffle ticket sales

Dan will TD (running and scorekeeping)

EVERYONE is encouraged to help spread the word and direct players to the proper people for raffle/signup etc.

## Topic: Course Mando Rule on 5/14
Dave brought up the new PDGA rules around MANDO lines in regards to holes 5/14; stating it requires we mark a specific MANDO line, (whatever we decide it is}.

Options for line so far:
- the net line that continues down the hill, back past the 14th tee pad and beyond
- a perpendicular line from the pole in relation to the two tee pads & two baskets

It was getting late so we decided to table this discussion for another time.
