---
id: 8k2m7h3i-4l9j-4o8k-7m1l-5n3i4j2k6m7h
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Post-Jackson & Forward'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim VanAukin

  Shawn Martin

  Danny Dugan

  Marquesa Newman

  PJ Lausch

  Justin Juzwick (Remotely)
date_of_meeting: '2023-11-08'
date_of_next_meeting: '2023-11-29'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $64.42
  - Paypal Balance: $574.00
  - Cash Balance: $300.00 (roughly)
  - **Total: $938.42**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1667952000
---
## Jackson Discussion:
# of registrants was great, but the last minute registrations was less than ideal. No full name, contact info, etc.

Not having Udisc available made it way more difficult.

Trifolds were AMAZING

Having all the little things done before day of tournament would make things smoother.

OB marking was good, but not perfect.

## Justin's call
Justin wants to have financials on a quarterly basis.

I Want to open an account at Chase bank instead of Verity in order to have Venmo, Zelle, etc.

No need to close the Verity account. We can keep a small amount (check minimum balance etc)

Shawn motioned to open a chase account to use as the primary club checking

PJ seconded

all voted in favor.

- Marquesa shared with the group that I asked Justin to find out what amount of information is appropriate to share with the club (and potentially the public) regarding board meetings and club financials.

- Marquesa suggested that we create a "blog page" on the website to post each board meeting agenda and minutes, or whatever amount of info is decided.

## Work Party
Danny will make a physical flier to print and hang at the course, Rozum will make a digital flier to post on facebook and the website.

### Agenda:
Leaf and debris cleanup, blackberries, area around practice baskets, spread wood chips.

One yard of gravel could fix 16's tee pad. Can we afford getting a couple loads of gravel?

Dig drainage trenches where surface water accumulates

- Spread wood chips under laurels around 6 & 7, in OB circles on 3.

- Blackberries:
  - around practice basket by 7 fairway
  - behind 15 & 7 tee pad
  - Sidewalk along 1's fairway
  - Hillside between road and 4's fairway
  - 1st half of 5's fairway

## Bag Tag Finale
### Set for Saturday, December 23rd

We believe that in the past (we need to check with Jay to confirm this):

$15 buy-in (which was already paid when you purchased your tag), put in your bag tag, and get awesome payouts and prizes, and get numbered tags based on place winning.

We need to discuss how this has been planned, financed and run in the past.

PJ will talk to Troy Anderson about Blyth potentially putting up funds for club activities.

We need to get reimbursed for tee pad expenses from Les

## Next meeting agenda items:
Course improvements:
- where to have the City place the giant logs on 6's fairway
- placing paving stones to guide golfers
- how to fix 16's tee pad
