---
id: 0m4o9j5k-6n1l-4q0m-9o3n-7p5k6l4m8o9j
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Jackson Update'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Shawn Martin

  Danny Dugan

  Marquesa Newman

  Elmer Sakuma

  Max Davidoff
date_of_meeting: '2023-09-27'
date_of_next_meeting: '2023-10-11'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $430.64
  - Paypal Balance: $243.81
  - Cash Balance: (not specified)
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1664236800
---
## Jackson Planning
### Signups -
have been held up by discussing changes in format (age protected divisions, cost, etc.) and needing to post an announcement for the tournament.

Shawn motioned to change to $50 for Pro as well, no age protected divisions

- Max seconded

- Voted - all in favor of the change.

### Advertising -
will advertise additional places if the 40 spots don't get filled quickly

**Tim will talk to Evan about trophies**

### Signage -
"Jackson Invitational" will be title until we have a title sponsor

Add practice round starts at noon, $8.62 greens fee to flyer

Include divisions on flyer

### Set-up's -
Remove PJ, add Tim

There are 6 functional baskets at Eagles, Shawn and Marquesa have 1, Adam has 2, Tristan has 2, Nate Nasty, Bro Berg basket?, one "non-functional" basket at eagles could be hung from tree

## Web hosting
Max motioned to purchase web hosting for www.mineralspringsdgc.com

Shawn seconded

All were in favor

## Email list
Max will be setting Danny up with all the info for a mailing list

Get email from all Jackson participants so we can send out updates/reminders

## Putting League
• Discussed options for format - Shawn suggested the idea of turning the layout around to have the baskets facing the stage and glass windows so there isnt as much movement and distraction behind the center row.

Kong will run Putting league and have the final say in how it's run.

PJ will continue to run Monday Dubs before putting league as long as participants.

## Club Championships
Discussed the fact that this is "Lowel's thing". We need to get in contact with him, get his blessing, input, etc.

Tim offered to go talk to Lowel.
