---
id: 6i0k5f1g-2j7h-4m6i-5k9j-3l1g2h0i4k5f
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Year End'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  PJ Lausch

  Dave Ida

  Chris Rozum
date_of_meeting: '2023-12-27'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-01-TBD'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $473.19
  - Chase Checking Balance: $500
  - Paypal Balance: $1305.84
  - Cash Balance: $1346
  - **Total: $3625.03**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1672185600
---
## Opening Discussion
Proposal - Any time we collect money, there should already be a purpose identified. - People seemed generally receptive to this idea. Discussed that we need a general fund for miscellaneous expenses, but keep it to a minimum. And we should do better at anticipating and budgeting for those miscellaneous costs (printing, trash bags, paper plates).

## Set price for 2024 tags.
Suggestion: Set the price based on allocation, for example: $30 tag price = $10 per tag, $10 to course maintenance, $5 to club misc. expenses, $5 to payouts. - Discussion agreed that we should have a reason for whatever we charge. The breakdown in this bullet was just an example, but people thought it was reasonable.

Prorate tag price or not later in the year?
- Consensus: No prorating, so there's no incentive to wait

## Club League Event Fee's
Start collecting $1 for non-members again? - YES, start with spring dubs after start of daylight savings time, giving people plenty of time to buy tags (and renew membership). Start adding $1 at the March ace pot and putting league in the fall. It's a small amount, so visitors shouldn't mind paying a one-time dollar to support a club. And if you play regularly, it gives you an incentive to buy a tag earlier in the year.

## Can we organize tag events throughout the year?
We discussed a monthly field trip to another course.

Monthly local tag rounds less than 1 hour drive time from North Park (e.g.: Seatac, Lakewood, Terrace, Kayak, Fenwick)

May-Sep: Arrange destination tag events (e.g: Lucky Mud, Crystal, Rainshadow)

Need to plan these in advance. Keep them simple and let people plan their own carpools, food, lodging, etc. We're playing for tags, so that's all you need to attend. Figure out an optional buy-in and pay-out. Maybe a dollar for a CTP hole. Put the club ace pot in play with optional buy-in?

Shawn also said he had some info on an app or website to track the top tags and enable people to challenge for tags. He will research this.

## Ace Pot Discussion
Is our ace pot working the way we want? Attendance? Can we mix that up?

Consensus - The ace pot is not working and needs to change. It's not well attended, too expensive, too many holes, and the same few people win it every time. Also, people want to go play other courses on the weekends.

Idea: Merge with a flex start - hybrid solution - Shawn will talk to Conner. Chris R offered to help.

## Financial Discussion
Tracking and sharing $ collected from events - TRANSPARENCY

Club portion of ace pot, dubs, and putting league? I have never seen this reported anywhere. Can we see what's coming in? What's it for?

Payouts for putting league series?

How much is in the ace pot?

We agreed this is an issue. People collecting money for the club via events and disc sales sometimes just give Shawn a wad of money during a round and we're not disciplined about tracking what came from where, or if we even got it all.

Shawn started creating Google Docs to track all this and will work on completing/implementing this. Anyone collecting money for the club needs to be accountable for it and follow the system.

## Course Maintenance
What do we want to do for course maintenance in 2024?

Replacing the tee pads is by far the number one issue - everyone wants this and we have to make some progress to show accountability.

Add a couple baskets so we have 2 practice baskets front & back

Circle 1 cable measurers - Small win, but quick, cheap, and easy

Signage for directions to next tee - also potentially easy

Courtesy sign by hole 1 (e.g.: yell fore, let others play through)

create a pedestal basket - discussed hole 16, we already have landscaping materials, just need about $60 in fill (dirt, gravel)

move logs on 6's green - need to decide on where, then figure out a plan

## Jackson Park tourneys
Propose dates?

Shooting for March 9th and Oct 5th

Tag opener - shooting for team golf bye week - late Jan on a Saturday - Jan 20th?

Shawn will organize

Can pre-buy tags starting at #31, opener tourney will play for 01-30

Optional $5 buy in, $1 optional ace pot, amount rolls into club ace pot

We have a stockpile of CTP prizes

## Action Items
• Research MSDGC swag (discs, towels, apparel etc). Assigned to ________________

• Kris - research cost of 14 circle1 measurers, crimps, etc

• Dave - check with Jackson about Mar/Oct dates (Shawn, send contact info)
