---
id: 1d5f0a6b-7e2c-4h1d-0f4e-8g6b7c5d9f0a
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Short Layout'
present: |-
  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  Marquesa Newman

  Max Davidoff

  David Askov
date_of_meeting: '2024-07-10'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-08-14'
financial_report: |-
  - Chase Checking: $4,267.45
  - Verity Checking: $692.54
  - Cash: $235
  - **Total: $5,194.90**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1688976000
---
## Agenda Items
Dave proposes bringing the old baskets to install them in the "alternate" layout on a permanent basis. He pointed out that Jay Marshall's layout it great, but it's not particularly targeted for anything other than "ace run"

*David Tutthil offered to manufacture any collars we need if we can't find them.

Dave mentioned our need to replace the damaged collar in the upper practice basket location near 7's fairway.

## Work Party Discussion
Shawn thought it was the most productive work party yet. Great energy, attitude, food and drinks. We got 4 tee pads redone, some blackberries removed, c1x cables installed, next basket arrows installed, lots of weed waking, railing on stairs below 3 moved.

*We need to stash the 3 extra turf pads.

## Other Discussion
Evan has an idea how to resurface tee pads inexpensively. Dave, Shawn, PJ and Tim will get a list of materials and details from Evan and keep pushing forward on tee pad repairs. Priority tee pads are #s 4, 13, 9, & 18.

Shawn will reach out to Andy about getting other contacts for things like bringing plants into the course, financing course/park improvements etc.

We all vote yes to PJ finding a good canopy for the club.

We discussed the desire to start planning more and different events like:
- Kids Club
- bringing Traveling rounds back

## Action Items
- Shawn - hit up City Parks
- Shawn - proposal for swag & discs
- Tim - *We need to stash the 3 extra turf pads.
- Dave: Proposal for B layout
- Dave - Raffle:
  - Create a list raffle sponsors
  - Proposal for % breakdown
- Tee pad committee - cost estimate for next 4 tee pads
- We all vote yes to PJ finding a good canopy for the club.
