---
id: 3f7h2c8d-9g4e-4j3f-2h6g-0i8d9e7f1h2c
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Course Signage'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  Marquesa Newman

  Chris Rozum

  Max Davidoff
date_of_meeting: '2024-05-02'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-06-05'
financial_report: |-
  - Chase Checking: $4,050.20
  - Verity Checking: $758.76
  - Cash: $106
  - **Total: $4,914.96**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1683936000
---
## Tee Signs
We will have to figure out the best way to rotate current sign frames to portrait instead of landscape on their posts since they are welded on.

When looking at the current work in progress, we agreed that Elevation is important

Also we can install some kind of movable hole pin on the sign after it's printed and installed.

## Navigational Signage
Marquesa walked everyone through the course discussing the list of signs she has been working on. She has a friend whose father owns Sno-King Signs and is happy to help us keep the cost down by using scrap materials laying around the shop.

For the arrows that will go on the large netting poles it was decided that a sticker will be cheaper and easier than an aluminum sign that needs to be bolted in. (example: arrow to 4/13 on pole behind 18's tee pad)

Instead of one sign for 4 & 13's pins and 5 & 14's tee, we will have arrows for 5 & 14 tee on the pole by 5's tee pad. And arrows for 4 & 13's pins on the pole between their greens.

Current veto on a big sign "billboard" in front of the log wall behind 18's pin. Everyone preferred the large sign behind the log in 6/15's fairway.

When we are ready to replace tee signs, we can use the small sign posts (1,17,8, 10 & 14) for navigational signs.

Marquesa will update the signage list and share with everyone when done.

## Announcements
### Port Townsend Golf Course
Shawn and Marquesa were visiting the course last weekend and learned about their efforts to install a permanent disc golf course on the golf course. They are in need of baskets so Shawn presented the idea to the board about allowing them to "borrow" our old baskets until they come up with funds to purchase new baskets. It was unanimously agreed that we are open to the idea but need to discuss further with the rest of the board members and perhaps even present it to the club members.

### Work Party: May 26th - 9am
Focus on Blackberries
