---
id: 5h9j4e0f-1i6g-4l5h-4j8i-2k0f1g9h3j4e
blueprint: board_minute
title: '2024 Direction'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  Marquesa Newman

  Dave Ida
date_of_meeting: '2024-02-13'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-02-28'
financial_report: |-
  No financial report provided in meeting minutes
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1676336400
---
## Jackson Park tourneys - March 30th (moved from March 9th)
- NO MAJOR CHANGE TO LAYOUT

Dave - Caddy book and course map

Dan and Shawn - TD

Timmy, Kris - setup and teardown

Marquesa - Tee signs, flyers,

## Club Events Discussion
### Ace Pot & Putting League (do they need a shift?)
Putting League - We will brainstorm ways to adjust for next year. Field trips to other putting leagues (Nickerson/Freelard putting league) could give us ideas.

Ace pot - discussions in the last meeting made it clear that most people were ready for a change. Shawn has a league idea that could replace or be in addition to the ace pot.

We will create committee's for these events and come up with ideas.

Tag Rounds - Dave brought up his idea about Field Trip tag events. Year-round, 2nd or 3rd Saturday or Sundays. Somewhat local in winter, around an hour away in summer. No buy-in with optional $5 to payout.

### Work Party - March 3rd @ 9am
Holloway (and Rozum if he is available) will organize the work party

Marquesa will make a flier/digital media post

Shawn wants to make a 3-tier pedestal for

Focus on wood chips, blackberries, moving branches and logs as we are able.

Need at least 2 yards of sand & 2 yards of gravel (‚Öù-) around $200

### Tracking and sharing $ collected from events
We discussed the fact that we aren't aware of any record or tracking system for club portion of Sunday Ace Pot or Putting League. Marquesa has a detailed ledger for Monday Dubs which can be shared with anyone through Google Drive.

Marquesa will ask Sean Kong what info he has regarding Putting League financials.

We agreed to wait on ace pot since we're still figuring out what needs to happen in the future.

### Tee Pads
We all agreed this clearly needs to be more of a priority but there is some indecision regarding what material to use. Shawn motioned to present the question to the rest of the club members and use their feedback for guidance. We voted (all agreed) to make a survey asking if concrete or turf is preferred. Marquesa will create the survey and send it to board members to approve before sending it out.
