---
id: 9b3d8e4f-5c0a-4f9b-8d2c-6e4f5a3b7c8d
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Jackson & Social Media'
present: |-
  Elmer Sakuma

  Marquesa Newman

  Max Davidoff

  David Askov

  Theo Northrop
date_of_meeting: '2024-09-24'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-10-11'
financial_report: |-
  - Chase Checking Balance: $3,104.31
  - Chase Credit Card Balance: $838.16
  - Verity Checking Balance: $626.32
  - Paypal Balance: $16.45
  - Cash Balance: $119.00
  - **Total: $3,027.92**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1695513600
---
## Jackson Tournament - Oct 26
If the course rental fee has doubled, are we prepared to continue using this space for the tournament? We need to figure out what % to pay out, how much to charge for entry, and whether to pay AM in script rather than cash.

We desperately need to find sponsors, which is understood, but we need to get better at follow through.

Dave is concerned about cannibalizing raffle donors for Jackson sponsors.

Max will check with Tim/Evan about plaques for trophies

Do we want to have MPO, MA1 & MA3? * TD's have the authority to move players to divisions as appropriate.

Theo offered to reach out to Ollie about sponsorship from ECD.

## Putting League Starts Nov 4th - March 3rd
Kong and Theo have discussed starting at 6pm, starting with Singles, then "Snake Order" having top of A pool play bottom of B pool, and moving in from there. League is valuable for longevity and engagement. Layout may not change. Two putt / three point system vs a new system? Dave, Kong, Theo on the putting league committee. Need to lock in details by Oct 21st

## Social Media
We need to commit to creating a schedule of posts for dubs/putting league etc and post 1 day before the weekly events

Max will set up a social media calendar and will have plenty of busywork for anyone willing to spend time setting up automated events.

## End of Year Events
Holding Bag Tag Finale earlier in the year was a good choice last year. Marquesa will post a poll on Facebook page asking about December 7th or 14th?

Theo will reach out to Connor L about Club Champs.

Dave wants to pick the Traveling Tag Rounds back up since Connor dropped the MSDGC Ace Pot.

Shawn needs to update us on the Glow Kickoff Event.

## Announcements
Tim has stepped down from his position on the board, but is happy to continue to help with things in the future.

In welcoming Theo to the Board, we discussed the importance of having a set plan for how we're running elections, or how we're adding/ removing Board members etc.

We agreed that having board members who aren't regularly involved in meetings or the ongoing operations of the club is no longer working, and we are in need of new board members who are able to help with things like sponsorships, financial reporting, and board follow through.
