---
id: 0c4e9f5a-6d1b-4g0c-9e3d-7f5a6b4c8e9f
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Swag, Jackson & Work Party'
present: |-
  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  Marquesa Newman

  Max Davidoff

  David Askov

  Chris Rozum
date_of_meeting: '2024-08-14'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-09-11'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $692.54
  - Chase Checking Balance: $4,414.06
  - Chase credit card Balance: $743.56
  - Paypal Balance: $0
  - Cash Balance: $0
  - **Total: $4,363.04**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1692032400
---
## Jackson Tournament
### (Potential date: October 12th - backup date is 19th)
Shawn will check date availability with Jackson

**Divisions**
Discussed setting our own rating cap for divisions.

Subcommittee will discuss what divisions to have, and bring it to a Board meeting for a final decision.

We agreed to bring donger again, ace run hole was a hit.

## Work Party
### (Potential 7th/8th, 14th/15th, or 21st/22nd)
Need to figure out which weekend works for Cory B, Evan, etc.

Evan offered to overpour hole 9 tee pad for $200.

Dave asked to be approved up to $100 to replace padlocks on baskets

## Swag
Discussed PJ's shirt design and decided we need more details, and can choose a design after deciding to move forward.

Shawn looked into various custom disc stamp bulk order options and found Innova is likely to be the best option. He will gather details, along with other options and bring info to the next meeting.

## Club Website and Social Media
Max will be working on improving the website UX, connecting social media (IG), and exploring additional feathers available through Mailchimp.

Max asks all members to spend some time looking through the website to give input and feedback about it.

Mention of incorporating more digital forms for feedback, club donations, club expenses etc

An online store would be great

Discussed adding more info about the history of the course and club to website.

We need to reach out to anyone with info and/or material regarding it's history so we can gather everything and start figuring out how to include it.

## Other
Shawn wants to do a glow kickoff event on the first weekend of November.

We discussed hosting more "fun/ different" round ideas.
