---
id: 4g8i3d9e-0h5f-4k4g-3i7h-1j9e0f8g2i3d
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Work Party & Jackson'
present: |-
  Kris Holloway

  Tim Van Aukin

  Elmer Sakuma

  Shawn Martin

  Marquesa Newman

  Dave Ida
date_of_meeting: '2024-02-28'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-03-13'
financial_report: |-
  Justin will attend the following meetings for a quarterly financial report:
  - May 1st
  - July 31st
  - October 30th
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1677628800
---
## Work Party
Shawn will not be doing the pedestal during the work party.

We can contact Les about reimbursement for course supplies. And we can contact the city to see what options we have as well.

Renting a dump will be $80/day +per mile to rent a dump truck. Kris will pick it up on Saturday, and return it on Monday at 8am.

Shawn said we were given approval for gas chain saws with stipulations around usage. (no climbing trees etc. Shawn has a chainsaw, Rozum's friend has a chainsaw.

H1B is supplying pizza (Shawn is picking up at 11:30 - including plates, napkins, and 3- 2 liters of soda.

## Vote on Ace Coins
We discussed the option of the coins, and then read Dave's input on the matter.

It was pointed out that we are working on tee pads at the work party (that's what the sand and gravel is for), and the ace coins cost $100 for enough to last 2 years which won't prevent us from anything since there is $4,500

Shawn motioned to vote, all in favor.

## Jackson Planning
PJ will be leaving town for the next two weeks but will be working on finding sponsors remotely.

Jackson has been confirmed for April 6th, 9am

## Announcements
• Marquesa contacted Josh (course map designer) and got an editable version of the course map. He has offered to help make course signage at no charge.

• We have new locks for the box and Marquesa is keeping a list of people with keys. (We need to get as many keys back as we can)

• Marquesa spoke with Sean Kong about putting league, he gave her the $ and binder so we can now create a system for tracking.
