---
id: 8a2c7f3e-4b9d-4e8a-9c1b-7d5e3f2a8b4c
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Adding Board Members & Tag Finale Planning'
present: |-
  Elmer Sakuma

  Marquesa Newman

  Shawn Martin

  David Askov

  Theo Northrop

  Kris Holloway
date_of_meeting: '2024-11-07'
date_of_next_meeting: '2024-12-03'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance: $526.99
  - Chase Checking Balance: $2,184.56
  - Chase credit card Balance: $107.11
  - Paypal Balance: $0
  - Cash Balance: $153.75
  - **Total: $2,758.19**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1699344000
---
## Putting League Singles
Theo will run a digital bracket

Run 2 games per lane, opponents on same side

If the game runs too long, the opponents can agree to shorten the distance. Both must agree to make this happen.

Points - Doubles will award 6 points for 1st, 4 points for 2nd, 2 points for 3rd (for both players on a team, Cali only gets one set of points, not for both partners). Singles will award 6 points for 1st place down to 1 point for 6th place. Points awarded will always be for the top 6 places.

Payouts are always targeting the top 30%. NOT linked to points awarded. We will come up with a payout table for singles.

Monday dubs - resume after DST starts

Ace Pot - not worth the trouble, nobody's showing up, people want to travel. Focus on traveling tag challenge.

Glow - Shawn will run, Kris wants to learn to be backup.

Discuss adding new board members - (who and how)

## Jackson Tournament
Play all greens the same way (OB rules, flag greens that have rough edges)

Next up: March 15th

MA40 took out some of the sandbaggers

Avoid nearby tournaments

Start sponsorships earlier

Shawn shared how the tournament went for him as the TD and basically summed it up saying he didn't have near enough help with day-of. We all agreed that we are lacking support for large events as well as ongoing support on the Board. The following is a list of names we came up with for people we think would be good prospects for board members or casual support in the future. We will need to figure out how to elect members moving forward but for now agreed to approach each of these people to gauge their interest in being involved.

### Potential Board Members
- Nate Saunders
- Marty
- Toby Frank
- Rowan Christmas
- Jared Mowdy
- Luke Reddler

### Internal Helpers
- Sean Kong
- Luke Jent
- Chris Minarik
- Aaron Mogan
- Rain Gambir

## Bag Tag Finale - Dec 14th 10am
Dave will make list of sponsors that we can access to view who he's been talking to/confirmed/ received donation etc

Marquesa will make the flyer for Raffle donations and Bag Tag event

We need more catch-all folding tables and canopies

Shawn will create a U-disc event and use that for manually checking them in with bag tag

Kris H. will be the official Raffle person

We all voted via FB messenger poll for the following breakdown of bag tag sales revenue:
- $10 - cost of bag tag
- $10 - course maintenance
- $5 - misc club expenses
- $10 - 2024 Bag Tag Finale payout
