---
id: 7a48892e-39be-40b4-bff9-3fa5c829af70
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'June 11 2025'
date_of_meeting: '2025-06-11'
present: |-
  Theo Northrop
  Frank Boyd
  David Askov
  Rain Gambir
  Rowan Christmas
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1752625016
---
# Meeting Notes - Disc Golf Club

## Jackson Debrief

### Cost Breakdown for Jackson
- Lost about ~$400/$500
- Expenses were over, income was lacking
- Take what lessons we can, wash the rest
- **VOTE**: Payouts scale to revenue & expenses - should never lose money on tourneys, except as expenses are approved by committee vote
- Sold A lot of tags! (tag numbers)
- Too many cooks in the kitchen w/ the TD situation
- Either the TD or assistant TD should not play
- Strict Chain of command (One person in charge)

### Starting Work for Fall Jackson 2025
- Starting now, looking at sponsors
- **Getting Sponsors Now**
- Price?
- ~Oct 25th 2025
  - Local tournament schedule?
  - Discgolfscene?
  - NorthwestDiscGolf?
  - Frank has connect on this, Rain has energy
- Looking to open up sign ups 6-8 weeks in advance
- Division for non-tag holders
- Course design needs to happen together and well in advance
  - Hoping for multiple meetings well in advance of the tournament
  - Dave is following up with the city on permanent course

### All Year Jackson Committee
- Theo
- Rain
- Frank

## Work Party

### June 1st Work Party
- Weed whack and blackberries
- Stake down 9's Teepad
- Repairing Log walls
- Practice area over on 7
- Rain on getting numbers
- Quesa In charge
- H1B sponsoring pizza? Food needs to arrive on time
- Approved for a $200 budget

### Committee for Course Rules
- What goes? What are the exact rules?
- **Committee Members:**
  - Quesa
  - Frank
  - Dave
- **Course rules**: beaver dams = course feature that cannot be moved
  - drop zones on 3, 12, 17 for beaver dam

## Elmer's Bench
- Bench looks good
- Shawn Martin's tag gets retired with him
- Signs for those who have passed?
- Lowell Shields memorial?
- History of the course? Putting together something for the websites
  - What does it look like?
  - Who do we talk to

### Subcommittee for History of the Course
- Quesa
- Rain

## Shawn's Raised Basket

### Raising 16
- Can we use the material from hole 6?
- Log platform
- Can we find a chainsaw that big

### Subcommittee
- Frank
- Quesa
- Theo

## Election/Recruiting
- We need new people
- What are we recruiting for?
  - Documenting
  - Web design
  - Accounting/bookkeeping
  - Media people
    - Toby might be interested
- Looking for a total of 7 people on the board
  - Capping the "Board" at 7 with more people coming to the meetings
    - Chris M
    - Toby
    - "Holley"
      - Other OGs?
    - Anyone else?

## Fundraising
- Purchase order from Innova
- Medingus Shirt for June 2025
  - Josh K
  - Dan Madina's face on a kangaroo

### Subcommittee for Fundraising
- Theo
- Rain
- Frank
- Quesa

- Holding meetings at other locations where we are asking for donations from

## Chat Groups Discussion
- Discuss use of chat groups - urgent issues only - put non-urgent stuff on the next month's agenda - keep it nice
- Sign posts?
  - Not the best idea vs Jackson stuff happening in the weeks leading up
  - Use the chat with discretion
- One online meeting and one in person meeting per month
- Quick and time sensitive vs nonurgent
  - If you can, put it on the agenda rather then in the chat
- Disagreements happen in person, not in the chat
- Situational meetings?
  - As long as we have a majority
- May 28th hesitant meeting

## Social Media Coordinator
- Need a social media coordinator or rotating duty or ???
- Toby?
- Needs to make posts the day before events

### Subcommittee for Social Posting
- Quesa
- Dave

- Dave is starting, but not there permanently
- Need more every-day shenanigans

## Start Time for Dubs
- 5:30
- Sign ups close at 5:30, but start time is not super strict
- No starting without players
- If a player leaves, the leftover player plays nevada
  - Is there a punishment? What happens if someone leaves?
    - First offence, second offence

### Subcommittee For Players Leaving/Dubs Rules
- Theo
- Sean Kong
- Rain
  - Goal to have a proposal by next meeting

## Dubs Money Tracker
- Putting the tracker as a physical sheet in the binder
- Matching the weekly sheet with the overall record

### Subcommittee for Tracking
- Theo
- Quesa

- Use extra disc for CTPs as raffle

## Sign Post Graphics Discussion
- Where we put the sign
  - 7's practice area?
  - Under the tee signs along 1,17,8,10

### Subcommittee for Signs for Dubs
- Theo
- Dave
- Quesa

## Course Rules Review

### Mandos
- **Line used to be perpendicular**
- **Now the line must be indicated**
- **Reasoning:**
  - Course design
  - Safety
  - Speed of Play
- **Hole 2**
  - Remove the mando sign that was placed without authorization
- **Hole 5/14**
  - Designate the "net line" as the mando line that extends backwards
- **Hole 16**
  - Draw mando line where people think the line is

### Designate stick walls as course features
- Cannot take apart
- Doesn't count as "dead and unattached"
- Optional relief backwards with no stroke penalty
- **For holes 3/12/17**
  - Designate a drop zone
  - There is a pole nearby that is proposed as the dropzone location

### OB
- Ensure that rock rings that are OB remain and non-OB rings are removed
- The OB line for the rock rings is inside
- Every tee sign should have hole notes and clarifications and a courtesy note
- **Courtesy notes example:**
  - *"Walk across 2 fairways, and watch out!"*
  - *"Have a big slow group allow playthrough"*

## End of the Year Bag Tag Finale
- Set date for final tournament

### Proposed Yearly Schedule:
- **January**
- **February**
- **March**
- **April - Jackson (tag members only, playing for tags)**
- **May**
- **June**
- **July**
- **August**
- **September - Raffle + Bag Tag Finale**
- **October - Jackson (tag members, not playing for tags)**
- **November - Informal Bag Tag Kickoff (proposed)**
- **December**

**TODO**: Figure out how to have a Raffle event with good weather.

**Try Singles Tag Thursdays**
- "No tag no exchange"
- Rowan & Dave - coordinate donations

## Jackson Invitation Updates [Short and Brief]
- Course changes
- Plan to Finalize by September 1st, will be asking MPO players to assist
- TD Frank, Assistant TD's Theo and Rain
- *[Discussed in committee]*

### Sponsorship Money
- $1100 - Pay the course fee
- Max $1000 - Goes to course

## Fundraising Research Updates [Short and Brief]
- Hats and t-shirts
- (Casa Maria)

## Vendor and City Management
- "Friends of Mineral Springs"
- Seattle City Parks
  - *"Don't tell the city"*
- GSP
  - Green Seattle Project
- Northwest Horticulture Project
  - 105th & 25th - Green Sign

## Work Party
- Designate work areas clear
  - Maybe mark with colored tape?
  - Ensure that things are done safely
- Set date for next work party
  - **TODO**: Have an interstitial meeting

## New Board Roles
- **Treasurer**
  - Approach Jared
- **Social Media**
  - Fix UDisc

## Next Meeting
- **July 9th** is next scheduled board meeting
- **August 2nd** - proposed work party