---
id: 52ac8387-e5c5-4810-9367-14f8c27a890f
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'May 14 2025'
date_of_meeting: '2025-05-14'
present: |-
  Marquesa
  Rain Gambir
  Theo Northrop
  Frank Boyd
  David Askov
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance:	$361.44
  - Chase Checking Balance:	$1,928.21
  - Chase credit card Balance: 	$0
  - Paypal Balance: 		$0
  - Cash Balance: 		$831.00
  - Total: 				$3,120.65
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1752624707
---
# Meeting Notes - Disc Golf Club

## Jackson Debrief

### Cost Breakdown for Jackson
- Lost about ~$400/$500
- Expenses were over, income was lacking
- Take what lessons we can, wash the rest
- **VOTE**: Payouts scale to revenue & expenses - should never lose money on tourneys, except as expenses are approved by committee vote
- Sold A lot of tags! (tag numbers)
- Too many cooks in the kitchen w/ the TD situation
- Either the TD or assistant TD should not play
- Strict Chain of command (One person in charge)

### Starting Work for Fall Jackson 2025
- Starting now, looking at sponsors
- **Getting Sponsors Now**
- Price?
- ~Oct 25th 2025
  - Local tournament schedule?
  - Discgolfscene?
  - NorthwestDiscGolf?
  - Frank has connect on this, Rain has energy
- Looking to open up sign ups 6-8 weeks in advance
- Division for non-tag holders
- Course design needs to happen together and well in advance
  - Hoping for multiple meetings well in advance of the tournament
  - Dave is following up with the city on permanent course

### All Year Jackson Committee
- Theo
- Rain
- Frank

## Work Party

### June 1st Work Party
- Weed whack and blackberries
- Stake down 9's Teepad
- Repairing Log walls
- Practice area over on 7
- Rain on getting numbers
- Quesa In charge
- H1B sponsoring pizza? Food needs to arrive on time
- Approved for a $200 budget

### Committee for Course Rules
- What goes? What are the exact rules?
- **Committee Members:**
  - Quesa
  - Frank
  - Dave
- **Course rules**: beaver dams = course feature that cannot be moved
  - drop zones on 3, 12, 17 for beaver dam

## Elmer's Bench
- Bench looks good
- Shawn Martin's tag gets retired with him
- Signs for those who have passed?
- Lowell Shields memorial?
- History of the course? Putting together something for the websites
  - What does it look like?
  - Who do we talk to

### Subcommittee for History of the Course
- Quesa
- Rain

## Shawn's Raised Basket

### Raising 16
- Can we use the material from hole 6?
- Log platform
- Can we find a chainsaw that big

### Subcommittee
- Frank
- Quesa
- Theo

## Election/Recruiting
- We need new people
- What are we recruiting for?
  - Documenting
  - Web design
  - Accounting/bookkeeping
  - Media people
    - Toby might be