---
id: 7de7851b-24d4-4dc9-9de2-a60afa32dfe1
blueprint: board_minute
title: '“2025 Planning” Meeting Minutes'
present: |-
  Marquesa Newman

  Shawn Martin

  Theo Northrop

  Kris Holloway

  Music Villa

  Frank Boyd

  Max Davidoff
date_of_meeting: '2025-01-03'
date_of_next_meeting: '2025-02-20'
financial_report: |-
  - Verity Checking Balance:  $493.88
  - Chase Checking Balance:  $2,211.71
  - Chase credit card Balance:  $159.26
  - Paypal Balance:  $0
  - Cash Balance:  $164.00
  - **Total: $2,710.33**
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1752622008
---
## Financial Report
Justin went over financial report.

Most profitable was fundraising (raffle and disc sales) and membership.

Shawn pointed out how beneficial it would be to move ahead with ordering new discs from Innova to sell. And if we can manage an online store, even better.

## Bag Tag Kickoff
Doesn’t involve registration fee (beyond selling bag tags) or payout or a raffle.

CTP will depend on if we find discs to use, or if anyone donates.

Agreed to schedule it January 18th at 12pm

OG 18 layout.

Side bet’s welcome

Create your own card, we will be there to help direct

## Bag Tag Online Form
Max created an online form for everyone to fill in their info when they purchase a tag

https://www.mineralspringsdgc.com/2025-tags

## Big Events For the Year
Jackson (Spring) Tournament
March 15th (Shawn needs to confirm this date with Jackson)

We need more people to help with setup and breakdown who are not participating in the tournament

## Sponsorships

TD - Shawn

Assistant TD - Frank or Marquesa

## Work Parties
Feb 23rd

May 24th

August 16th

## Traveling Tag Rounds
Theo recommends planning these once a quarter following a work party with a BBQ party included

## Summer Field Trip
Theo will make a list of ideas for next meeting

## Jackson Fall Tournament
October 25th

## Bag Tag Finale
We discussed and decided to continue to think on it and vote whether to do it earlier or later in the year.

## Kids events
Marquesa has discussed this idea to many parents and have received an extremely positive response. She just needs people wo are interested in helping run the event(s). Theo is interested in helping and thinks Ollie will be as well

## Course Improvements
Kris’s materials list is just of $1,600, but we need to decide if we should do this on our own or with the city’s blessing.

Theo suggested finding out from Andy if we can get in contact with (Lucy?) about keeping the trees healthy, adding more tree and underbrush around the new tress and other bare areas.

We had a debate about hole 8’s

Music will process number’s around concrete pour over for hole 10 and 9 tee pads.