---
id: d331d23d-09be-4baf-a9da-6fac624aa63c
blueprint: board_minute
title: 'Honoring Elmer & Planning Jackson” Meeting Minutes'
present: |-
  Marquesa Newman

  Shawn Martin

  Theo Northrop

  Kris Holloway

  Music Villa

  Frank Boyd

  Dave Askov
date_of_meeting: '2025-02-20'
date_of_next_meeting: '2025-03-12'
financial_report: |-
  Verity Checking Balance:  $460.77

  Chase Checking Balance:  $2,581.16

  Chase credit card Balance:  $66.85

  Paypal Balance:  $0

  Cash Balance:  $164.00

  Total: $3,145.08
updated_by: 1
updated_at: 1752619698
---
## Honoring Elmer Sakuma
We all like the idea of making a new bench with an inlay plaque at 2nd tee pad

Naming Jackson Tournament “in Honor of” or “in Memory of”

Creating a separate event specifically for him and inviting his friends/family outside the club to see how loved he was.

Timmy said there is a lot of disc golf stuff in his home that we MIGHT want to help sell and give proceeds to his family. (Just an idea…. not confirmed from Tim via family)

Marquesa wants to make a page on the website dedicated to the history of the club and honoring Elmer. Maybe create a space for anyone to post their stories and pictures about him.

## Jackson Planning
Shawn hasn’t confirmed April 5th yet, Kris offered to stop by the course if Shawn can’t get a hold of him tomorrow.

Marquesa will talk to Play it Again in Lynnwood (Dave will give me the contact)

Shawn’s convo with Andy @ Parks
Shawn got contacts for:

Emily Hanson -  getting more trees and shrubs planted

Junior Kitiona - getting a restroom, another trash can by 14’s tee pad, a roof over the box, and another landscape box installed & getting a plaque in honor of Elmer Sakuma.

They discussed:

Ballards that were stolen after the murder are not surprising because many have been stolen around the city.

He discussed the Elmer plaque

We need to renew the nonprofit info and agreement with the city regarding work parties etc.

If we can find a contractor who can replace the netting by the road, the only thing holding it up is the company they work with was unwilling to work around the neighbor’s desire to not cut down trees.

## Bag Tag Finale
Need to think about it and vote whether to do it earlier or later in the year.

We could move the Finale earlier, then have the Kickoff in November/December.

Finale around Labor Day

Fall Jackson late October/ November

Bag Tag Kickoff December